[ STORY-2130] Added section about projects management (#3271)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/projects/2000-01-01-manage-projects.md

---
title: Manage your projects
modified_at: 2025-07-31 07:00:00
tags: project management
index: 1
---

## Introduction

> Projects help to structure your resources by gathering them. They're the first milestone of features that will come later like network isolation for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects offer a new way to organize your applications. By grouping them into projects now, you are preparing for upcoming features focused on the network isolation of your applications and environments.
```

   ```

## Creating a new project

### Using the Dashboard

Right now it is only possible to create a new project when creating a new application or when moving an existing application to another project.

### Using the Command Line

1. Make sure you have correctly [setup the Scalingo command line tool][cli]
2. From the command line, create a project:
   ```shell
   scalingo projects-add test-project
   ```
   The output should look like this:
   ```shell
   -----> test-project has been created
   ```
   You can also create a new project that will be default directly:
   ```shell
   scalingo projects-add --default test-project
   ```

### Using the Terraform Provider

1. Place the following `resource` block in your Terraform file:
   ```tf
   resource "scalingo_project" "test-project" {
     name = "test-project"
     default = true
   }
   ```

## Updating a project

Two attributes can be updated: `name` and `default`.

{% note %}
   `default` cannot be changed from true to false. To change the default project, update an existing project to be the new default one, or create a new default project.
{% endnote %}

### Using the Dashboard

> This feature is not yet available in the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: it is available in the dashboard
<img width="731" height="501" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-02 at 09 20 39" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07a48e97-a7cd-4d08-9400-2e4e763771dd" />
